
Existing Username / Password:
User: mason2smart@gmail.com
Password: Password


Completed Features:

The cluster app now has a working Firebase database that uses the style
guidelines written in the Firebase Readme. The database stores information
for each event with fields for the title, time start, time end, description
and user created.

New events can be added through the manage screen with a floating button. The
manage screen displays these events through a recycler view. The recycler
view uses the created event and event adapter classes to display the information
according to the event_list_row layout.

The event creation screen allows the user to specify what event they are
creating. The edit text fields change the title, location, and description
respectively. The start time and end time bring up calendar popups that allow
the user to easily select the exact time and date. The app also checks to make
sure that the start time and end time make sense (nothing before the current
time and the end time comes after the start).The created events go into
the firebase database under events under the corresponding user.

The manage events screen itself is one fragment of a triple bottom navigation
bar. There are corresponding fragments for the interested and find screens
and the bottom nav highlights based on which is currently selected. The buttons
can be used to navigate between these fragments.

The app starts on a login screen that opens if the user is not currently logged
in. We have done the layout for this screen and added our logo and a backgound
image. After a correct username/password is passed, the app goes to a currently
blank homescreen. From this screen, the user can navigate to the other fragments
using the bottom nav. From the fragments, the user can go back to the home
screen using the home button.

The user can also change his/her password and log out. There is also a simple
layout for the user profile settings. We currently have to reload the manage
fragment to see newly created events (switch to interested and back). We will
fix this in the second sprint.

The recycler view java classes can be reused for each of the other fragments.
The recyvler view has clickable objects and is scrollable.


